Update git terminology (#436)
MetOffice/CSET: docs/source/contributing/git.rst

working tree at the point where it is committed. Contains information like a
commit message, the date when the commit was made, and author information. It
also contains a reference to any parent commits, which defines the repository

> history. Use the ``git commit`` command and include the ticket number 
> in the commit message. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
history. Create a new commit with the ``git commit`` command. When fixing
an issue include the issue number in the commit message body, e.g.:

.. code-block:: text

    Stop foo doing bar
    
    Description of why this change was made.
    Fixes #123
```
Added example commit message.

**Branch**: A special reference to a particular commit. If a new child commit is

> created the reference moves to that new commit. 
> List your local branches with the command ``git branch``.
> Switch between local branches with the command ``git switch <branch-name>``. You 
> will need to commit your changes before switching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created the reference moves to that new commit.

* List your local branches with the command ``git branch``.
* Create a new branch with ``git switch -c <branch-name>``.
* Switch between local branches with the command ``git switch <branch-name>``. You 
will need to commit your changes before switching.
```
Add note on creating a branch and format as bullet list.
